README.md, before:

# nordvpn-gnome

Custom top-bar notification for nordvpn. Connection status to notify of sudden disconnection and easy access to connect/disconnect. First install [nordvpn](https://nordvpn.com/download/linux/) and then go through the following steps:

1. In firefox get "GNOME Shell integration" add-on.

2. Navigate to https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1176/argos/ and press ON to download the extension. This should create the directory `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/argos@pew.worldwidemann.com` with files.

3. Copy `nordvpn.1s.sh` from this repository into `~/.config/argos` and within that directory in terminal run `chmod u+x nordvpn.sh`

4. Copy `nordvpn.svg` and `nordvpn_red.svg` into `/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps`. This will require sudo permissions so you must launch the file explorer in the terminal using `sudo nautilus &` where you will be able to copy the svg to this location.

5. Run `sudo gtk-update-icon-cache -f /usr/share/icons/Adwaita` to update your icon cache.

6. `Alt F2` and then 'r' + 'enter' to reset Gnome shell.

7. (Bonus) In `Ubuntu > Show applications > Startup Applications Preferences` then add `Command`: `nordvpn connect`. Now on every boot up, you will auto connect to nordvpn.


## Behaviour 

### nordvpn ON

When connected you will see blue nordvpn logo. 

![](nordvpn_on1.png)

If you press on the logo you will see

![](nordvpn_on2.png)

First button is to disconnect and the rest is the output of `nordvpn status`.

### nordvpn OFF

When disconnected you will see red nordvpn logo.

![](nordvpn_off1.png)

If you press on the logo you will see

![](nordvpn_off2.png)

First button is to connect and the rest is the output of `nordvpn status`.

Commit message:

More informative README for reproducability based on versions

README.md, after:

# nordvpn-gnome

Custom top-bar notification for nordvpn. Connection status to notify of sudden disconnection and easy access to connect/disconnect. First install [nordvpn](https://nordvpn.com/download/linux/) and then go through the following steps:

1. In firefox get "GNOME Shell integration" add-on.

2. Navigate to https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1176/argos/ and press ON to download the extension. This should create the directory `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/argos@pew.worldwidemann.com` with files.

3. Copy `nordvpn.1s.sh` from this repository into `~/.config/argos` and within that directory in terminal run `chmod u+x nordvpn.sh`

4. Copy `nordvpn.svg` and `nordvpn_red.svg` into `/usr/share/icons/Adwaita/scalable/apps`. This will require sudo permissions so you must launch the file explorer in the terminal using `sudo nautilus &` where you will be able to copy the svg to this location.

5. Run `sudo gtk-update-icon-cache -f /usr/share/icons/Adwaita` to update your icon cache.

6. `Alt F2` and then 'r' + 'enter' to reset Gnome shell.

7. (Bonus) In `Ubuntu > Show applications > Startup Applications Preferences` then add `Command`: `nordvpn connect`. Now on every boot up, you will auto connect to nordvpn.

This was tested on Ubuntu 18.04 with Gnome version `3.28.2`. Argos version from 2017 [commit](https://github.com/p-e-w/argos/tree/08265c60783eecd25f68b32b0367dd87eb47bd35) since newer versions did not work. To use older version, replace the contents of `argos@pew.worldwidemann.com` in step 2.


## Behaviour 

### nordvpn ON

When connected you will see blue nordvpn logo. 

![](nordvpn_on1.png)

If you press on the logo you will see

![](nordvpn_on2.png)

First button is to disconnect and the rest is the output of `nordvpn status`.

### nordvpn OFF

When disconnected you will see red nordvpn logo.

![](nordvpn_off1.png)

If you press on the logo you will see

![](nordvpn_off2.png)

First button is to connect and the rest is the output of `nordvpn status`.
